Added TypeScript instructions (#16)
niftylettuce/url-regex-safe: README.md

Assuming you are using [browserify][], [webpack][], [rollup][], or another bundler, you can simply follow [Node](#node) usage above.

#### TypeScript

To use this package with [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/), you can install the [`@types/url-regex-safe`](https://github.com/DefinitelyTyped/DefinitelyTyped/tree/master/types/url-regex-safe) package for type definitions.

```sh

> npm install --save-dev @types/url-regex-safe

Author: ```suggestion
npm install --save-dev @types/url-regex-safe
```
```

> ```sh
> npm install --save-dev @types/url-regex-safe
> 

Author: ```suggestion
```sh
npm install --save-dev @types/url-regex-safe
```

```

Assuming you are using [browserify][], [webpack][], [rollup][], or another bundler, you can simply follow [Node](#node) usage above.

#### TypeScript

> This package will not work with [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) by default and would require installation of [@types/url-regex-safe](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@types/url-regex-safe) in addition the main `url-regex-safe` package.

Author: ```suggestion
This package will not work with [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) by default and would require installation of [@types/url-regex-safe](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@types/url-regex-safe) in addition to the main `url-regex-safe` package.
```

> This package will not work with [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) by default and would require installation of [@types/url-regex-safe](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@types/url-regex-safe) in addition the main `url-regex-safe` package.
> 
> ```sh
> npm install --save @types/url-regex-safe
> ```
> 
> After the additional package is installed, it will be possible to import the package and use that in a familiar manner.
> 
> ```ts
> import urlRegexSafe from "url-regex-safe";
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use this package with [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/), you can install the [`@types/url-regex-safe`](https://github.com/DefinitelyTyped/DefinitelyTyped/tree/master/types/url-regex-safe) package for type definitions.

```sh
npm install --save-dev @types/url-regex-safe
```
```

Author: I'm fine with those changes. One thing that seems to be missing is the closing part for the multi line code block.
